feat(changelog): redistm-added-new-redis-metrics-in-cockpit 2024-09-13 (#3698)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/september2024/2024-09-13-redistm-added-new-redis-metrics-in-cockpit.mdx

---

> title: New Redis metrics in Cockpit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: New Redis™ metrics in Cockpit
```

status: added
author:
    fullname: 'Join the #database channel on Slack.'
    url: 'https://slack.scaleway.com'
date: 2024-09-13
category: databases
product: redistm
---

> You can now monitor Network IO, the ratio of keys hits vs misses, number of clients connected & clients blocked (by operations like BLPOP), the ratio of keys about to expire, the ratio of expired keys and the ratio of evicted keys (due to memory pressure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New Redis metrics are available in Cockpit:

- **Network I/O Monitoring**: Gain insights into network traffic and usage.
- **Key Hit/Miss Ratio**: Track the ratio of cache hits to misses for improved cache performance.
- **Client Metrics**:
  - Monitor the number of active clients.
  - Track blocked clients (e.g., during BLPOP operations).
- **Key Expiration Stats**:
  - Ratio of keys approaching expiration.
  - Ratio of keys that have expired.
- **Key Eviction Ratio**: Monitor the ratio of keys evicted due to memory pressure.
```
